feat(platform): allow for configurable API route expose path (#319)
analogjs/analog: apps/docs-app/docs/features/api/overview.md

```

API routes are powered by [Nitro](https://nitro.unjs.io). See the Nitro docs for more examples around building API routes.

## Custom API prefix

The prefix under which API routes are exposed can be configured with the
`apiPrefix` parameter passed to the `analog` vite plugin.

```ts
export default defineConfig(({ mode }) => {
  return {
    plugins: [
      analog({
        apiPrefix: 'services',
      }),
    ],
  };
});
```

> With this configuration, Analog will expose the API routes under the `/services` prefix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this configuration, Analog exposes the API routes under the `/services` prefix.
```
